## Introduction: Trust, Security, and Privacy
Trust is the cornerstone of prosperity and innovation &mdash; it
facilitates interaction and exchange between people. Most waves of
progress arose from discovering social and technological means to *scale
up* trust. Everything from religion to education to banking to law to
trade-unions and so on, has helped scale mutual trust between people.
All of these mechanisms for promoting trust depend on centralized
institutions &mdash; instead of trusting every individual, people could
trust intermediaries like their bank or government. The explosive growth
of the internet has also caused people to, once again, outsource their
trust to central institutions. These instutions, however, exhibit many
of the same flaws as their predecessors &mdash; namely, they become
increasingly corrupt and increasingly exploitative, as their
revenue-growth inevitably declines. 

The Interlock Network leverages &mdash; among other things &mdash; the
latest Blockchain Technology to achieve decentralized and resilient
trust on the Web. While the early Web was the most democratic that the
Web has ever been, it was quite small. Growth exploded, however, when
Web2.0 came around, effectively democratizing and globalizing
*participation* on the Web. The darkside of Web2.0 is that it sustains
itself by data-mining and selling their users' personal information, in
addition to optimizing their feeds and search-results to keep users
engaged and clicking on advertisements. This state of affairs is a clear
*perversion* of the original vision, ideal, and promise of the Internet
and Web. The next evolution of the Web &mdash; the blockchain-powered
**web3** &mdash; can correct the course and re-democratize the web
without sacrificing its accessibility. 

## Security
The mass onlining of people during the web2 era has created a
target-rich environment for cyber-criminals, scammers, and
high-tech-grifters. While people have to deal with exploitative online
service providers and social networks &mdash; that seek to exploit their
attention &mdash; they also have to deal with rapacious, anonymous
online criminals &mdash; that seek to exploit their bank-accounts and
credit-cards. A huge part of the problem is that the wealthiest
technology companies cannot justify the costs of securing their own
users, as securing them necessarily causes disruptions to their
advertising-revenue stream and disruptions to their
personal-data-marketplaces &mdash; which are often frequented by
criminals, and nation-state-actors. 

The insecurity of the internet-user &mdash; whether browsing from home,
from work, or on-the-go &mdash; has reached pandemic proportions. 


- **75 percent** of orgs experience phishing attack every year 
- **74 percent** of the attacks are successful 
- **34 percent** of fraud involved collusions between company employees and scammer 
- **24 percent** involves employees as the source 
- **3.86 million** dollars is cost of a single breach 
- **50 percent** of recipients open phishing emails and click on the link 
- **28 percent** of phishing attacks are targeted 



Todo **maybe make these stats graphical**. 

## Improving Privacy and Security with Decentralization
There is an unintentional, but mutually-supporting, dynamic between the
corporate online platforms that violate our privacy and the criminal
online grifters that violate our security. Interlock believes that both
privacy and security can be improved by moving *trust* away from the
center of the network (i.e. Facebook, Google, etc) to the *edges* of the
network (i.e. directly into people's browsers and onto the blockchain). 

## Decentralizing Security with Ethereum, Solana, Airlock
Security is a very difficult problem, and while much of the blame can be
directed at the incentives of large tech corporations, some of it can
also be directed at users feeling inconvenienced by security, for no
observable benefit. Just as nobody wants to brush their teeth three
times a day, nobody wants to jump through multiple security-hoops and
fight with their security tools to enjoy the internet. Good and
unintrusive security tools also face the *leaky-roof-problem* &mdash;
just as people usually do not notice the roof on their home until it
starts leaking, people do not notice security tools until they fail to
prevent a breach. 

Interlock takes a two-pronged approach to solving the problem &mdash; we
attack the problem in the browser and on the blockchain. 

We secure users' browsers from phishing, and other kinds of attacks,
with a &mdash; uBlock-based &mdash; browser extnesion called Airlock. In
addition to block ads, the extension uses advanced heuristics to detect
phishing pages and scam-websites and prevents users from entering any
sensitive information like passwords or usernames. While only mildly
intrusive, we seek to motivate users to install and use extension by
linking it to a crypto-currency, called INTER. Users earn INTER for
installing the extension and browsing the web with it. 

We use blockchain &mdash; a hybrid of Ethereum and Solana &mdash; to
allow users to interact and transact with each-other. No more walled
gardens. Users can create one or more INTER accounts and link them to
their various web2 accounts. Users can interact with each-other by
upvoting, downvoting, and sharing. The twist is that all of their
interactions are publicly visible and users can customize their feeds
and queries in ways that traditional platforms like twitter, tiktok, and
google could never allow without destroying their own profitability. We
essentially use blockchain to put the user back in control of their own
attention. 

Please see the FAQ and technical whitepaper for more details and
information. 

## User Incentive Structure
The Interlock Network has structured the user-incentives to encourage
*thoughtful* voting. To this end &mdash; and unlike every other social
network &mdash; votes are a finite resource. Users can upvote (or
downvote) accounts by spending special *vote tokens*. Upon doing so, the
target account gets a significant portion of those vote tokens deposited
into their account, and the voter get a *vote receipt*. Vote receipts
can be exchanged for INTER tokens at various times and at various
exchange rates. In other words, users stand to make money &mdash;
potentially &mdash; by *actively* voting &mdash; hoarding votes will
yield no rewards. Users can get vote tokens by either being
popular/trustworthy (and therefor upvoted) or by waiting for the
vote-tokens to get airdropped into their account. 

Todo **add mermaid sequence diagram to help clarify the how users votes
and receipts interact with the INTER token**. 

## Emission Schedule
In short, we plan to emit **1 billion** tokens, in **5 phases**, each
subsequent phase doubling the total supply of tokens. Dates and times
for the phases are chosen at the discretion of the Interlock Team based
on strategic and economic circumstances &mdash; we are not committing to
any fixed emission schedule. This means that the token is short-term
inflationary but long-term deflationary. 

Todo **add token emission schedule chart from slide-deck or imitation**.


